GenericDataFileList [.GenericTabularFile append
append.default appendColumnNamesTranslator
appendColumnNamesTranslator.ColumnNamesInterface
appendColumnNamesTranslatorByNULL
appendColumnNamesTranslatorByNULL.ColumnNamesInterface
appendColumnNamesTranslatorBycharacter
appendColumnNamesTranslatorBycharacter.ColumnNamesInterface
appendColumnNamesTranslatorByfunction
appendColumnNamesTranslatorByfunction.ColumnNamesInterface
appendColumnNamesTranslatorBylist
appendColumnNamesTranslatorBylist.ColumnNamesInterface
appendFiles appendFullNameTranslator
appendFullNameTranslator.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorByNULL
appendFullNameTranslatorByNULL.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorByTabularTextFile
appendFullNameTranslatorByTabularTextFile.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorByTabularTextFileSet
appendFullNameTranslatorByTabularTextFileSet.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorBycharacter
appendFullNameTranslatorBycharacter.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorBydata.frame
appendFullNameTranslatorBydata.frame.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorByfunction
appendFullNameTranslatorByfunction.FullNameInterface
appendFullNameTranslatorBylist
appendFullNameTranslatorBylist.FullNameInterface
appendFullNamesTranslator
appendFullNamesTranslator.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorByNULL
appendFullNamesTranslatorByNULL.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorByTabularTextFile
appendFullNamesTranslatorByTabularTextFile.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorByTabularTextFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorByTabularTextFileSet.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorBydata.frame
appendFullNamesTranslatorBydata.frame.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorByfunction
appendFullNamesTranslatorByfunction.GenericDataFileSet
appendFullNamesTranslatorBylist
appendFullNamesTranslatorBylist.GenericDataFileSet
as.GenericDataFileSetList
as.GenericDataFileSetList.GenericDataFileSetList
as.character.GenericDataFileSetList
as.character.GenericTabularFile as.character.TabularTextFile
as.data.frame.GenericDataFileSetList
as.list.GenericDataFileSetList assertDuplicates
assertDuplicates.GenericDataFileSetList byName byPath
clearCache clearCache.GenericDataFileSet
clearColumnNamesTranslator
clearColumnNamesTranslator.ColumnNamesInterface
clearFullNameTranslator clearFullNameTranslator.FullNameInterface
clearFullNamesTranslator
clearFullNamesTranslator.GenericDataFileSet
clearListOfColumnNamesTranslators
clearListOfColumnNamesTranslators.ColumnNamesInterface
clearListOfFullNameTranslators
clearListOfFullNameTranslators.FullNameInterface clone
clone.GenericDataFile clone.GenericDataFileSet
clone.GenericDataFileSetList compareChecksum copyTo
dimension.TabularTextFile dropRootPathTags
dropRootPathTags.default dropTags dropTags.default
equals.GenericDataFileSet extract.GenericDataFileSetList
extractMatrix extractMatrix.GenericTabularFileSet findByName
fromFile fullname fullname.default getAsteriskTags
getAsteriskTags.GenericDataFileSetList getAttribute
getAttribute.GenericDataFile getAttributes
getAttributes.GenericDataFile getChecksum getChecksumObjects
getColumnNames getColumnNamesTranslator
getColumnNamesTranslator.ColumnNamesInterface getCommentChar
getCommentChar.TabularTextFile getCreatedOn
getDefaultColumnClassPatterns
getDefaultColumnClassPatterns.TabularTextFile
getDefaultColumnClasses getDefaultColumnClasses.TabularTextFile
getDefaultColumnNames getDefaultFullName
getDefaultFullName.GenericDataFileSetList getDepth
getDepth.GenericDataFileSet getExtension getExtensionPattern
getExtensionPattern.GenericDataFile getFile getFileClass
getFileClass.GenericDataFileSet getFileList
getFileList.GenericDataFileSetList getFileListClass
getFileListClass.GenericDataFileSetList
getFileSize getFileSize.GenericDataFileSet getFileType
getFilenameExtension getFilenameExtension.GenericDataFile
getFiles getFiles.GenericDataFileSet getFullName
getFullNameTranslator getFullNameTranslator.FullNameInterface
getFullNames getFullNames.GenericDataFileSetList getHeader
getLastAccessedOn getLastModifiedOn
getListOfColumnNamesTranslators
getListOfColumnNamesTranslators.ColumnNamesInterface
getListOfFullNameTranslators
getListOfFullNameTranslators.FullNameInterface getNames
getNames.GenericDataFileSetList getOneFile
getOneFile.GenericDataFileSet getOutputExtension
getOutputExtension.GenericDataFile getPathname getPathnames
getReadArguments getReadArguments.TabularTextFile getSet
getSet.GenericDataFileSetList getSets
getSets.GenericDataFileSetList getSubdirs
getSubdirs.GenericDataFileSet getTags
getTags.GenericDataFileSetList hasBeenModified hasColumnHeader
hasFile hasFile.GenericDataFileSet hasTag hasTags
head.GenericTabularFile indexOf indexOf.GenericDataFileSetList
length.GenericDataFileSetList name name.default nbrOfColumns
nbrOfFiles nbrOfFiles.GenericDataFileSetList nbrOfLines
nbrOfRows nbrOfSets nbrOfSets.GenericDataFileSetList
readChecksum readColumnNames readColumnNames.TabularTextFile
readColumns readColumns.TabularTextFile readLines
readLines.default readRawHeader readRawHeader.TabularTextFile
readTableHeader readTableHeader.default renameTo
renameToUpperCaseExt renameToUpperCaseExt.GenericDataFile
reorder.GenericDataFileSet resetFullName
resetFullName.FullNameInterface resetFullNames
resetFullNames.GenericDataFileSet
setAttribute
setAttribute.GenericDataFile setAttributes
setAttributes.GenericDataFile setAttributesBy
setAttributesBy.GenericDataFile setAttributesByTags
setAttributesByTags.GenericDataFile
setColumnNames setColumnNamesTranslator
setColumnNamesTranslator.ColumnNamesInterface setCommentChar
setCommentChar.TabularTextFile setDepth
setDepth.GenericDataFileSet setExtensionPattern
setExtensionPattern.GenericDataFile setFullName
setFullNameTranslator setFullNameTranslator.FullNameInterface
setFullNamesTranslator setFullNamesTranslator.GenericDataFileSet
setListOfColumnNamesTranslators
setListOfColumnNamesTranslators.ColumnNamesInterface
setListOfFullNameTranslators
setListOfFullNameTranslators.FullNameInterface setName setTags
setTags.GenericDataFileSetList sortBy tags tags.default
tail.GenericTabularFile testAttributes
testAttributes.GenericDataFile translateColumnNames
translateColumnNames.ColumnNamesInterface translateFullName
translateFullName.FullNameInterface update2
update2.GenericDataFileSet updateColumnNames
updateColumnNames.ColumnNamesInterface updateFullName
updateFullName.FullNameInterface
updateFullName.GenericDataFileSet updateFullNames
updateFullNames.GenericDataFileSet validateChecksum verify
verify.GenericTabularFile verify.TabularTextFile writeChecksum
writeColumnsToFiles
